============
Applications
============

Applications included are:

adminwww:

Web server that provides an https administration interface

incomingproxy:

Handles registrations and proxies requests. Implements partial ENUM
and LDAP searches.

pstnproxy:

Designed as an authentication frontend to an insecure PSTN gateway.

============
Installation
============

Create a build directory somewhere and copy the "Makefile.template"
from the source directory here and name it "Makefile". Edit the srcdir
variable and change the STARTSCRIPT variable to whatever
application(s) you want to build there.

Type "make" in your build directory.

===
SSL
===

If you want to use SSL (normally enabled), either put your combined
private and public X.509 key in ssl/cert.comb or edit the ssl.config
in the source directory and do "make sslkey" to get a self-signed
certificate. The certificate password must be "foobar" if you use
"make sslkey".

=====================
Distributed operation
=====================

If you want to setup a distributed erlang system, you must have the
same ~/.erlang.cookie file on all nodes.

=============
Configuration
=============

The configuration file is named <application>.config and contains
these variables:

common:

logger_logfile			(default: "sipd.log") Log to this file
sipauth_realm			(default: "") HTTP Auth realm
sipauth_password		(default: "") HTTP Auth internal cookie
sipauth_unauth_classlist	(default: []) Classes that anyone can call
databaseservers			(required if using remote databases)
				Erlang node specification of the database
				servers
ldap_server			(required) LDAP server host name
ldap_username			(default: "") LDAP user name
ldap_password			(default: "") LDAP password
ldap_searchbase			(default: "") LDAP search base

pstnproxy:

proxyaddr			(required) IP address or hostname of
				PSTN gateway
classdefs			(default: [{"", unknown}]) Regexps for
				classifying outgoing phone numbers

incomingproxy:

internal_to_e164		(default: []) Regexps for rewriting
				internal numbers to E.164 numbers
defaultroute			(required) SIP host name part of default route
homedomain			(required) List of SIP home domains

adminwww:

www_baseurl			(required) Base URL for web server
httpd_config			(required) Path to httpd.conf

========
Examples
========

incomingproxy.config:

[{incomingproxy, [{sipauth_realm, "example.com"},
                  {sipauth_password, ""},
                  {defaultroute, "sip-pstn.example.com"},
                  {logger_logfile, "incomingproxy.log"},
                  {internal_to_e164, [{"^00(.+)$", "+\\1"},
                                      {"^0(.+)$", "+46\\1"},
                                      {"^(.+)$", "+468\\1"}
                                     ]},
                  {homedomain, ["example.com"]},
                  {ldap_server, "ldap.example.com"}
                 ]}].

[{pstnproxy, [{sipauth_realm, "example.com"},
              {sipauth_password, ""},
              {sipauth_unauth_classlist, [internal]},
              {proxyaddr, "pstn-gw.example.com"},
              {classdefs, [{"^[1-9]", national},
                           {"^0[1-9]", national},
                           {"^00", international},
                           {"", unknown}
                          ]},
              {logger_logfile, "pstnproxy.log"},
              {databaseservers, ['incomingproxy@sip-incoming.example.com']}
             ]}].

To insert an admin user (for bootstrap reasons) type this at an erlang prompt:

phone:insert_user("username", "password", [admin], []).
